error: expected ';' after return statement
	Missing a ‘;’ after a return statement.
error: expected unqualified-id
	Generally, there is something there when it looks like it shouldn’t be, like when there is no function when a ‘{‘ indicates that one is starting, could be caused by having more ‘}’s than ‘{‘, or no function header, or a ‘*’ when it isn’t needed, or data types being assigned something, etcetera.
error: use of undeclared identifier 'i'
	A piece of code looks like a variable or function, but none by that name are declared.
error: no matching function for call to 'midpoint'
	Trying to call a function without proper parameters, a matching function, or there is a typo in the name.
error: cannot initialize a variable of type 'float *' with an lvalue of type 'float'
	Incorrect data type being put into a variable or parameter.
error: expected expression
	Missing something, possibly a ‘}’, “cout”, ‘“‘, a proper record access, etcetera,  before a statement.
error: function definition is not allowed here
	Declaring a function inside another function, can be caused by having more ‘{’s than ‘}’s.
error: expected '}'
	There are more ‘{’s than ‘}’s by the end of the program, or a ‘}’ or ‘,’ is missing in an array declaration.
error: expected ';' at end of declaration
	Missing a ‘;’.
fatal error: 'stdlib' file not found
	There is no library by that name.
error: reference to overloaded function could not be resolved
	There was “>>” instead of “<<“ before “endl”.
error: invalid preprocessing directive
	The word ’include’ was spelled wrong for a library.
error: initializer-string for char array is too long
	There is not enough room in a char array to fit what is being initialized to it.
error: subscripted value is not an array, pointer, or vector
	Something looks like an array, pointer, or a vector, but it is not.
error: expression is not assignable
	Trying to assign data to an incompatible type.
error: invalid operands to binary expression ('int *' and 'int *')
	Trying to use expressions with data types that are incompatible.
error: cannot initialize a variable of type 'int' with an rvalue of type 'int *'
	Trying to initialize a variable to an incompatible type.
error: expected ';' after top level declarator
	Missing a ‘;’ after a function prototype.
error: invalid use of non-static data member 'hour'
	A record type was accesses incorrectly.
error: array initializer must be an initializer list or string literal
	Initializing a character array with the wrong type of data.
error: expected 'while' in do/while loop
	There was no “while” for the loop.
error: expected ']'
	There is no ‘]’, or there is something in-between them that makes it broken.
error: default initialization of an object of const type 'const char [65]'
	A const is declared but not initialized.
error: no viable overloaded '='
	The variable doesn’t hold the data that is assigned to it.
error: member reference type 'StudentRecord *' is a pointer
	Trying to access a record field from a pointer improperly.
error: assigning to 'char' from incompatible type 'char *'
	Trying to assign incompatible data to a variable.
error: indirection requires pointer operand ('int' invalid)
	Trying to use a non-pointer as a pointer.
error: cannot delete expression of type 'char'
	Trying to delete a non-address.
error: expected '(' for function-style cast or type construction
	Syntax is bad.
error: reference to non-static member function must be called
	Calling a function without ‘(‘ and ‘)’.
error: no member named 'begining' in 'journalList'
	Something looks like a member of a record, but it is not.
error: unknown type name 'list'
	A piece of code looks like a data type, but there is no record accessible that verifies it.
error: implicit instantiation of undefined template 'std::__1::basic_ifstream<char, std::__1::char_traits<char> >'
	A piece of code looks like something when it is used in a different way.
error: no matching member function for call to 'getline'
	Calling a function improperly, possibly with a const when it can’t have it.
error: member function 'close' not viable: 'this' argument has type 'const ifstream' (aka 'const basic_ifstream<char>'), but function is not marked const
	Giving a constant variable to a non-constant function.
error: redefinition of 'list'
	Defining a record more than once in a program.
error: 'list' does not refer to a value
	Vector *alloc_vec( void )A piece of code looks like a record type but none of that name are declared.
error: member reference type 'item' is not a pointer
	Trying to use a non-pointer as a pointer.
error: only the first dimension of an allocated array may have dynamic size
	Trying to allocate more than one dimension of an array.
error: linker command failed with exit code 1 (use -v to see invocation)
	A function declaration doesn’t match any function implementation.
error: read-only variable is not assignable
	Trying to put something into a constant variable, even what it is pointing to.
error: comparison between pointer and integer ('Element *' (aka 'int *') and 'Element' (aka 'int'))
	Trying to compare incompatible data types.
error: array size is negative
	Trying to initialize a negatively sized array.
error: typedef redefinition with different types
	Redefining a variable differently than before.
error: cannot initialize return object of type 'Queue *' with an rvalue of type 'List *'
	Trying to return the wrong type.
error: cannot take the address of an rvalue of type 'List *'
	Trying to access the address of a function call.
error: cannot initialize return object of type 'Tree *' with an lvalue of type 'TreeNode *'
	Trying to return the wrong type.
error: 'x' is a private member of 'Point'
	Trying to access a private member of a class directly from outside of the class.
error: expected ':'
	Missing a ‘:’.
error: non-aggregate type 'list' cannot be initialized with an initializer list
	Trying to initialize an object outside of its class at declaration.
error: out-of-line declaration of a member must be a definition [-Wout-of-line-declaration]
	There is a function declaration where there should be a definition.
error: no viable conversion from 'long' to 'Node'
	Trying to set incompatible data to another type.
error: constructor for 'Node' must explicitly initialize the member 'data' which does not have a default constructor
	Having an object within another object where the first object’s constructor takes parameters.
error: too many arguments to function call, expected Arbitrary number n > 0, have Arbitrary number > n
	The parameters of the functions don’t match.
error: non-const lvalue reference to type 'const Node *' cannot bind to a temporary of type 'Node *'
	A non-pointer is being set to a pointer.
error: no matching constructor for initialization of 'Element' (aka 'item')
	Trying to initialize an object incorrectly.
error: out-of-line definition of 'Node' does not match any declaration in 'Node'
	Having a function from an abstract data type but it doesn’t have any matching declaration in the header file.
error: excess elements in scalar initializer
	Having too many data values initialized at once to a variable.
error: cast from pointer to smaller type 'int' loses information
	Casting from a type with more bits to a type with less bits.
error: base class 'std::__1::ios_base' has private copy constructor
	Trying to do things not allowed by a class.
error: 'puts' was not declared in this scope
	having a function without a declaration.
error: return-statement with no value, in function returning 'Vector*' [-fpermissive]
	Having a return statement without a value when the function does.
error: expected primary-expression before 'void'
	Using something in the wrong place.
error: expected ')' before 'void'
	Using something in the wrong place.
error: expected ')' before ';' token
	Using something in the wrong place.
error: expected initializer before 'int'
	Having an improper function header.
error: conversion from 'long int' to non-scalar type 'Vector' requested
	Trying to put the wrong type of data into a different type of variable.
error: base operand of '->' has non-pointer type 'Vector'
	Trying to do pointer things with a non-pointer.
error: no match for 'operator=' (operand types are 'Vector' and 'Vector*')
	Trying to assign something to a type that doesn't match.
error: cannot convert 'Vector' to 'Vector*' for argument 'Arbitrary number > 0' to 'void dealloc_vec(Vector*)'
	Trying to pass a type in to a function that doesn't match the parameter.
error: expected primary-expression before '}' token
	There seems to be something missing.
error: too few arguments to function 'Vector* scalar_minus(Vector*, Elem)'
	Not having enough arguments for a function.
error: cannot initialize an array element of type 'char *' with an rvalue of type 'char'
	Assigning an incompatible to an element of an array.
error: expected ';' after expression
	Missing a ';' after a statement.
error: non-void function 'main' should return a value [-Wreturn-type]
	Returning from main without anything when something is needed.
error: 'Vector' does not name a type
	Not defining something propperly.
error: ld returned 1 exit status
	References could not be matched up.