not enough arguments in call to rand.Seed have () want (int64) 
	Calling a function without enough arguments.
cannot refer to unexported name time.now 
	Trying to get access to something that doesn't have an initial capital.
undefined: time.now
	Trying to call a use something that isn't defined.
cannot use time.Now() (type time.Time) as type int64 in argument to rand.Seed 
	Calling a function with the wrong arguments.
syntax error: unexpected time, expecting comma or ) 
	Having what looks like time in the wrong place, or a previously bad syntax makes things not make sence to the compiler here.
syntax error: non-declaration statement outside function body 
	Previous bad syntax makes things not make sence to the compiler.
imported and not used: "time" 
	Not using an import.
func main must have no arguments and no return values 
	Trying to give main arguments or return values.
missing function body for "main" 
	Not having the '{' on the same line as the declaration, or having the return named when there is only one.
syntax error: unexpected semicolon or newline before {
	Having a semicolon of newline before the opening brace of a function.
syntax error: unexpected int at end of statement 
	Having a complete statement, but there is an unneccicary int after, there is a named return when there is only one, or previous bad syntax makes things not make sence to the compiler.
cannot assign 1 values to 3 variables 
	Trying to assign the wrong number of values to the wrong number of variables.
syntax error: unexpected <, expecting expression 
	Having a '<' in the wrong place, or where there looks like there shouldn't be one, or a previously bad syntax makes things not make sence to the compiler here.
cannot use f (type float64) as type uint in assignment 
	Trying to assign something of the wrong type.
cannot convert time.Now() (type time.Time) to type int64
	Trying to convert something to a non-compatible type.
constant 1267650600228229401496703205376 overflows int 
	Overflowing a type.
syntax error: unexpected :, expecting { after for clause 
	Having a what looks like a ':' in the wrong place, or previous bad syntax makes things not make sence to the compiler here.
syntax error: unexpected newline, expecting { after if clause 
	Not having the '{' on the end of the line of the if statement, or having bad syntax on its line.
not enough arguments to return have () want (float64) 
	Having a function not return enough arguments.
syntax error: unexpected newline, expecting type
	Not having the type with a var statement.
syntax error: unexpected float64 after top level declaration 
	Having the return named when there is only one.
expected operand, found '='
	Having something else when it looks like there should be an operand.
syntax error: unexpected {, expecting for loop condition
	Missing the for loop semicolons or not having the opening brace on the same line.
invalid operation: sum += i (mismatched types int and float64)
	Trying to do an operation with incompatible types.
missing return at end of function
	Having a function return something, but not doing it.
syntax error: i = <bad expr> used as value
	Not having the open brace on the same line as a for range statement, assignment when equivalance is wanted, or missing range.
syntax error: unexpected main, expecting (
	Previous bad syntax makes things not make sence to the compiler.
syntax error: unexpected :, expecting ; 
	Having a ':' where there looks like there shouldn't be one.
i declared and not used
	Not using a variable.
syntax error: var declaration not allowed in for initializer 
	Trying to declare with var in a for initializer.
cannot use (i / dx + i % dx) / 2 (type int) as type uint8 in append 
	Trying to give  append incompatible types.
method has no receiver
	Having a function return a method but that method only returns one thing and it is named.
cannot use nil as type string in return argument 
	Trying to return something of the wrong type.
empty character literal or unescaped ' in character literal
	Not having a charater literal propperly set up.
cannot range over m (type MyReader) 
	Trying to range over something of incompatible type.
syntax error: unexpected +=, expecting ]
	Not having the square braces set up sorrectly.
cannot slice m (type MyReader) 
	Trying to slice an incompattible type.
syntax error: unexpected [, expecting name or (
	Having a [ when it looks like there shouldn't be one.
syntax error: mixed named and unnamed function parameters
	Having a function return a mix of named and unnamed parameters.
cannot find package "gzip" in any of: /usr/local/go/src/gzip (from $GOROOT) /go/src/gzip (from $GOPATH)
	Trying to import a package that doesn't exist.
syntax error: unexpected range, expecting := or = or comma 
	Having a range statement without the ":=".
syntax error: unexpected ++, expecting : 
	Bad syntax.
invalid operation: r[i] (type *rot13Reader does not support indexing) 
	Trying to index something of incompatible type.
second argument to copy should be slice or string; have *rot13Reader 
	Trying to call a function with an incompatible type.
invalid receiver type io.Reader (io.Reader is an interface type) 
	Trying to invoke a method with the wrong type.
invalid indirect of r (type rot13Reader)
	Trying to dereference a non-pointer.
multiple-value r.r.Read() in single-value context 
	Using something that returns multiple values when they aren't going to be caught.
syntax error: unexpected =, expecting [ 
	Trying to initiallize a map without declaring its types.
cannot use i (type rune) as type byte in map index
	Trying to index a map with an incompatible type.
expected 'package', found 'var' 
	Not having the package the first piece of code.
syntax error: unexpected var, expecting field name or embedded type 
	Having var in a struct.
too many arguments to conversion to color.RGBA: color.RGBA(x, y, 255, 255) 
	Trying to call something with too many arguments.
invalid argument i.p[0] (type uint8) for len 
	Trying to call len with an incompatible type.
too many values in struct initializer
	Trying to initialize a struct with too many values.
cannot use 1 (type int) as type image.RGBA in field value 
	Trying to set a field value to an incompatible type.
no new variables on left side of := 
	Using := without any new variables.
non-name s.v on left side of := 
	Trying to assign something to something that isn't a variable.
expression in go must be function call 
	Trying to use go without a function call.
illegal rune literal
	Using a single quote when it is not appropiate.
syntax error: unexpected else, expecting }
	Not having the else on the same line as the closing if brace.
syntax error: unexpected { at end of statement
	Previous bad syntax makes things not make sence to the compiler.