ERROR: syntax error at or near "SELECT"
	Bad syntax.
ERROR: current transaction is aborted, commands ignored until end of transaction block
	Having a previous uncommited bad transaction prevent future transactions.
ERROR: relation "univerity" does not exist
	Trying to access an entity that doesn't exist.
ERROR: must be superuser to COPY to or from a file
  Hint: Anyone can COPY to stdout or from stdin. psql's \copy command also works for anyone.
	Not having the right authorization.
ERROR: missing FROM-clause entry for table "g"
	Trying to referece a table that isn't in any FROM clauses.
ERROR: operator does not exist: integer = sections
  Hint: No operator matches the given name and argument type(s). You might need to add explicit type casts.
	Trying to do something with incompatible types.
ERROR: invalid reference to FROM-clause entry for table "s"
  Hint: There is an entry for table "s", but it cannot be referenced from this part of the query.
	Trying to reference a table that isn't in its scope.
ERROR: column "value" does not exist
	Trying to reference a column that isn't there.
ERROR: column "s.id" must appear in the GROUP BY clause or be used in an aggregate function
	Trying to insert from a column one value, but not making sure that only one is given.
ERROR: conflicting values for "MM" field in formatting string
	Having 'MM' in a conversion string more than once.
ERROR: null value in column "id" violates not-null constraint
	Trying to set a not null column to null.
ERROR: subquery in FROM must have an alias
  Hint: For example, FROM (SELECT ...) [AS] foo.
	Trying to have an inline view without a name.
ERROR: syntax error at end of input
	Missing something.
ERROR: update or delete on table "instructors" violates foreign key constraint "sections_instructor_id_fkey" on table "sections"
	Trying to change a row that is a parent and not allowed.
ERROR: INSERT has more expressions than target columns
	Trying to insert too many things.
ERROR: argument of AND must be type boolean, not type integer
	Useing and without a propper expression.
ERROR: column "category_id" contains null values
	Trying to make something which makes null values in a not null column.
ERROR: cannot drop table category_tuition because other objects depend on it
  Hint: Use DROP ... CASCADE to drop the dependent objects too.
	Trying to drop a table that has dependiencies.
ERROR: cannot drop schema lab2 because other objects depend on it
  Hint: Use DROP ... CASCADE to drop the dependent objects too.
	Trying to drop a schema that has dependiencies.
ERROR: table "enrollment_assessments" does not exist
	Trying to use a table that isn't there.
ERROR: column "employee_id" of relation "phone_numbers" does not exist
	Trying to get a column from a table that doesn't have it.
ERROR: type "postalcode" does not exist
	Trying to use a type that doesn't exist.
ERROR: column "pay_frequencies" referenced in foreign key constraint does not exist
	Trying to set up a column that doesn't exist as a foriegn key.
ERROR: invalid OWNED BY option
  Hint: Specify OWNED BY table.column or OWNED BY NONE.
	Trying to give ownership to something that doesn't exist.
ERROR: constraint "propper_address_type" for relation "addresses" already exists
	Trying to make something where something else already has the same name.
ERROR:  missing data for column "postalcode"
	Trying to load data into a table that expects more than what is there.
ERROR:  extra data after last expected column
	Trying to load data into a table that expects less data than what is there.
ERROR: sequence "performance_squence" does not exist
	Trying to use a sequence that doesn't exist.
ERROR: constraint "propper_type" of relation "hire_and_fire_dates" does not exist
	Trying to reference a constraint on a relation that isn't there.
ERROR: window function row_number requires an OVER clause
	Doing row number without over.
ERROR: function over() does not exist
  Hint: No function matches the given name and argument types. You might need to add explicit type casts.
	Trying to use a function that isn't there.
Unterminated dollar quote started at position 239 in SQL CREATE OR REPLACE FUNCTION load_cities ( ) -- Create a function to populate the cities table.
RETURNS void AS $ $
BEGIN
	INSERT INTO Cities ( name )
	SELECT row_number ( ) OVER ( )
	FROM locations_data
	GROUP BY province ;
	RETURN ;
END ; $$ LANGUAGE plpgsql ;
. Expected terminating $$
	Having one dollar quote without the other.