Incorrect syntax near the keyword 'FROM'.
	Not having anything in the select.
The select list for the INSERT statement contains fewer items than the insert list. The number of SELECT values must match the number of INSERT columns.
	Having too few things being inserted.
Incorrect syntax near ')'.
	Bad syntax.
Must declare the scalar variable "@PermissionId".
	Trying to use a variable without defining it.
Invalid object name 'TimeSeries.Fault.Fault'.
	Not using a correct object name.
Column 'AuthZ.Operation.Id' is invalid in the select list because it is not contained in either an aggregate function or the GROUP BY clause.
	Trying to have a non-aggregate thing with aggregate stuff.
Violation of UNIQUE KEY constraint 'UX_OperationFeature__OperationId_FeatureId'. Cannot insert duplicate key in object 'AuthZ.OperationFeature'. The duplicate key value is (74, 1).
	Trying to insert duplicate data into a unique place.
Conversion failed when converting the nvarchar value '0.15' to data type int.
	Not converting a specific piece of data right.
Argument data type xml is invalid for argument 1 of like function.
	Using a function with a wrong type.
The data types xml and varchar are incompatible in the equal to operator.
	Trying to do something with inncompatiable types.
Conversion failed when converting from a character string to uniqueidentifier.
	Not converting types right.
Error converting string value '758K' into data type int using culture ''.
	Not converting a specific piece of data right.
Error converting data type varchar to numeric.
	Not converting at least some data right.
Conversion failed when converting date and/or time from character string.
	Not converting at least some data right.
Insufficient result space to convert uniqueidentifier value to char.
	Not converting types right.
The multi-part identifier "rp.Key" could not be bound.
	Trying to access something without saying where it comes from.
Subquery returned more than 1 value. This is not permitted when the subquery follows =, !=, <, <= , >, >= or when the subquery is used as an expression.
	Returning more than one thing when only one thing is expected.
An aggregate may not appear in the WHERE clause unless it is in a subquery contained in a HAVING clause or a select list, and the column being aggregated is an outer reference.
	Putting an aggregate function in the where clause that is not in a having clause or select list with the column being aggregated is an outer reference.